feat: refactor to ts, test against wider range of `@typescript-eslint` (#89)
sweepline/eslint-plugin-unused-imports: README.md

## _Versions_

> -   Version 5.x.x is for eslint 9 with @typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin v8 to v5
> -   Version 4.x.x is for eslint 9 with @typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin 8

Author: ```suggestion
-   Version 4.1.x is for eslint 9 with @typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin v8 to v5
```

We could do this as well

Reviewer: Yeah that is good.
